so be goods
I can do it new have done worse you ever
done this before
Philly rocket ops guitar I found right
though yeah what the hell every similar
campaign after did us like five teams
not guarantee my survival days work to
XP 1 XP sort of depleted come at me bro
come at me where are you there's one
where's other fuck alright I see there's
splat there boss I'm you're a which is a
pain in the ass I could have to just
separate the back Hayden's the fucking
hot
no I doesn't work because they just they
just parabola the arrows right over and
rip you it's fucking annoying you could
do you could charge Oh destroy the small
group but actually can't cuz it's far
away if I was to charge the boss I marry
with my katana Sammy right they would
take about 50 casualties before they got
way up to them there's trees you could
Hayden
oh yeah I could actually just saving the
trees that would work that would
actually work
I would rather let them climb up some of
them die be a bit tired and then take on
my boat brave warriors could send one
unit in the trees
send them against them the Hayden is
there coming up all right I'm gonna fast
forward I wait get to the combat and do
it I'm not worried because I've gets 320
they have 60 100 all I needs a KD or
five I can't fucking do that okay the
bottom left bone his head so often yeah
if you look at their army their
animations is pretty cool that's like
god dammit
these mustaches as well okay so we're
not here so there's one of the bull
Sammy I started going up the walls I can
do something but not until in I'm Pend
Oreille know like leonidas against that
wall in the valley
yeah you must wait for the roof to
straight and then counter-attack
it was his all momentum against him okay
they're gonna lose quite a lot of guys
climbing up the walls not me anymore a
sizable amount how much would you be if
I had taken control these guys in this
boat Sammy Mads
okay I'm gonna try in annihilate less
army in the left first you'd be screwed
samurai up those fuckin walls yeah she
would kill every every man I've got just
run roams with boys yeah guys and
chicken yeah no yeah and wouldn't even
crap
cruising now I can watch us okay I'm
gonna try and use my katana samurai as
much as I can I mean the first with a
player about I'll just send all your
melee guys up at once every bet in the
wall and fire at them with ball gazing
beforehand take a little pause oh my god
fuck I've lost up whilst I'm on my own
wait I have or are
oh my god they've taken them starting to
take the middle they can try
sons of bitches whoa
just wait you get to Satie's the other I
can lose I can afford to lose that's one
that's why you charge out and take ones
fuck sick y-yes Katie is not good enough
come on guys
kill sure not impressed some of them are
owned nearly
not a very good kitty I'm not satisfied
Wow Kitana the front is just told enough
you need backup
this unit is ready to breed come
charging it and it's broke
I move on to the was you yeah oh right
everywhere rating everywhere yeah that's
just what I needed I couldn't afford to
just have them fatal item I'm David's
kid if I if I could lose okay charge
that's what Oh Simon right charger
fucking charger all right there
macerating that's a bigger charge come
on oh yeah the Rhoden there roten no no
general was trained leather jammers can
have a go X we can have our go fucking
common up there are moaning sees a faint
old boss or something nothing oh I've
still got more than half of all my men
for every unit ok I'm not liking but I
just saw your horse guys star per second
yeah that's what they do they star what
was that what was that like the laws of
physics just stops whoa thing get killed
one wait the hole right there
hmm no do not one yeah I'm gonna need to
spam light cavalry and try and kill them
all before they can row successfully
eight hundred sixty a hundred
twenty-three lottie's and no I'm
watching I feel barmy move around how
many get you that they are
you know the rate boys we can have a
goal think here we go yeah here they
come they're going straight for me good
no fucking about we're raising my mother
wouldn't so just go for it come on let's
get some general has increased in 100
like cavalry and yari they're getting
fucked same again this is ridiculous